High in this video I would like to show you how to use now and that works for classifying the ideas
dataset first.
We have to load the ideas from the data sets and these data sets is the secretly or an import data sets
and we have to separate the data features.
Basically the sample way the balanced battle we'd battle and we have been talking about the Ivey's data
set before.
So we have four features and we have a single target.
We have to instantiate a classification dataset and we will have 4 inputs a single output and we will
have three classes the Seto's ideas virginica and Iris versicolor or if you may recall then we have
to create the data sads basically so the dataset that art sample this non-firearm evolved is going to
flatten the array.
So if we have for example wawn and won and 2 for example in an array like this then it's going to create
these empty préval is going to create a single long diamonds on a wall on one end too.
And this is how we flattened features basically for further processing.
And we have the target.
So basically we create classification data with the help of this for Luud.
Then we split with proportion because we would like to make sure that 70 percent of the dataset will
be for training purposes and 30 percent will be for task data then is convert to one of many is a bit
buggy in by brain.
So that's why we have to use display with proportion method in order to be able to use this convert
to one of many because it's going to say that we have three classes basically.
I suppose I was versicolor and I was virginica and this convert to one of many is going to make sure
that the first class will be represented with 1 0 0 the second class is going to represented by 0 1
0 and a search class will be represented by 0 0 1.
This is what we have been discussing for optical correcto recognition.
When we were discussing the tower reticle background that we have to transform the outputs to something
like this in order to make sure that are now known that were predictions will be working fine.
OK.
So this is what this Colmer one of many is going to do.
And then we build in our own network with the training data in Diamanda and it's going to be for we
will have Savanah hidden out in the hidden layer.
We have just a single out put this out then and we have the softer much layer for the output class then
we have the back propagation we do now and that work the training that it's very important that we train
our national network on the training data with the momentum with learning grade and the verb goes through.
We'll make sure that we get lots of lots of information concerning the training then we train for 10000
iterations and we printout the error on the test sat this train app is going to printout at all on the
training sat and then we printout out the error on the task sat.
So that's why this person Tarrar trainer test on class data.
We did test data set and the task data Clauss is going to be the right answers.
We know from the iris data that we have loaded from the data sets and then we basically just iterate
through and print out the solutions to check whether or not our network is making these predictions
or not.
So if I say that and we want now we're on that irenæus it's going to train or now we're on a network.
And as you can see the error rate is decreasing.
Of course you make 10000 iteration so it's going to take awhile to make sure that the total error on
the training data sat really as low as possible.
As you can see it is approximately 0 0 0 and so on.
So it keeps decreasing in the course of training.
So let's wait for the end of the training procedure.
And you can manipulate this training process with the help of the learning rate and momentum basically
to play around with these parameters.
And basically that's why we do not like these kinds of black box methods because we don't know for certain
that what values we should assigned to the learning rate and the momentum.
OK so let's wait for the end of the training and don't worry it's going to take a while approximately
one or two minutes to finish with the training procedure.
This is why I told you that training in our own network is extremely hard in the sense that it's going
to take a lot of time and it is just so very very simple data set.
So you can imagine that how much does it take for a deep out on the road to be able to identify patterns
for example of pedestrians for safe driving cars and so on.
It's very very slow procedure.
But on the other hand these now run networks are able to make very very good predictions.
OK so as you can see it's the end of the training procedure and we should get something like from 0
to 49.
We should get something like 1 0 0.
So as you can see it is something like one and these values are zero.
So basically as you can see we have 1 0 0 1 0 0.
It is the representation of the first class.
This is why we had to use this to convert to one of many methods in order to make sure that the targets
are going to be converted.
These kinds of well use that we will have from I think 50 to 100.
We should get 0 1 0.
As you can see 0 1 0 for all of them.
OK maybe we should round them up.
But as you can see these are very very little number.
It is very very close to one and it is a very very little number again.
And from a 100 we should get something like 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 and so on.
So basically it's working quite fine.
We have managed to find the Klosters and the glasses and we have managed to make the classification
with the help of our own networks.
OK you may pose the question that wait a bit.
Eat take lots of lots of time to train an hour on that work.
And we have seen that we are able to solve this Ivory's data set classification problem within Suttons.
Basically with the help of other machine learning algorithms and the that is true but maybe if we have
much more complicated problems such as for example how to detect pedestrians or how to create self-driving
cars these now we're And that can prove to be very very handy and very very useful.
So that's all about now.
And that works.
Thanks for watching.